readme.md, before:


  <h1 align="center">ReadMe Generator using node.js</h1>

  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-brightgreen)<br />

  ![Screenshot (29)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/72768374/107133328-9cd80b00-68ac-11eb-969b-d12719451cb1.png)
   
  ## Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contribution](#contribution)
  * [Test](#tests)
  * [Questions?](#questions)
  
  ## Description
  This is a command line application that can be used to run node.js in order to generate a readme.md file based off of user input.

  ## Installation
  **Steps for installation:** First run npm install inquirer, then initiate the application by typing node index.js into your command line.

  ## Usage
  This project is used to create a readme by executing node index.js in your command line. Once all input is collected the application will save your input to a README.md file in the 'results' directory.

  ## License
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-brightgreen)
  <br />
  This application is covered by the ISC license. 

  ## Contribution
  Cory Neel, UT Coding Bootcamp Student

  ## Test
  npm test

  ## Questions?
  Cory Neel - Contact info provided below
  <br/>
  You can Email me at: corycneel@gmail.com
  <br/>
  You can contact me on Github at: [cocobeware83](https://github.com/cocobeware83)

  **My ReadMe was generated by [readme-generator](https://github.com/cocobeware83/readme-generator)

Commit message:

added new README to front page of repo

readme.md, after:


  <h1 align="center">README Generator using node.js</h1>

  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-brightgreen)<br />

  ![Screenshot (29)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/72768374/107133328-9cd80b00-68ac-11eb-969b-d12719451cb1.png)

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Contribution](#contribution)
  * [Test](#tests)
  * [Questions?](#questions)
  
  ## Description
  This is a command line application that uses node inquirer to create a professional README derived from user input.

  ## Installation
  **Steps for installation** First install node.js, second install node inquirer by typing npm install inquirer into the command line.  Invoke application by typing node index.js in the command line.

  ## Usage
  This project is used to create a professional README by executing node.js in your command line and entering unique user input.  Once all input is collected the application will create a README with all information entered into the template.

  ## License
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-brightgreen)
  <br />
  This application is covered by the ISC license. 

  ## Contribution
  Cory Neel

  ## Test
  npm run test

  ## Questions?
  Cory Neel - Contact info provided below
  <br/>
  You can Email me at: corycneel@gmail.com
  <br/>
  You can contact me on Github at: [cocobeware83](https://github.com/cocobeware83)

  **My ReadMe was generated by [readme-generator](https://github.com/cocobeware83/readme-generator)
